{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid15}
{\list\listtemplateid16\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid16}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid16\listoverridecount0\ls16}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scripts for Main levels\
\
GM\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the game object \'93Wall-floor\'94 in the main game levels (lvl1, lvl2, and lvl3).\
-	This script stores the location of all the note objects (capsules) in lists and it calls a function to instantiate them continuously. \
-	It stores the values of the global/static variables that are used in other scripts (total scores, combo, current gesture mode, etc.), and reset these variables at the beginning of each level.\
-	It instantiates game objects containing the song of each level at the beginning of a level. \
-	At the end of each level, it brings up the menu that contains of information of the player\'92s performance. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
NodeControl\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the prefab objects of \'93RedNote\'94 and \'93BlueNote\'94; it controls the behavior of the note objects (capsules). \
-	It distinguishes whether it\'92s attached to a RedNote or a BlueNote based on the object\'92s position. A BlueNote has an x location of -0.5, while a RedNote has an x location of +0.5.  \
-	When the note object is within a certain distance to the player, the scripts tells the game (the GM script) what gesture mode the player needs to be in to destroy this note object through a static variable in GM named currentGesture. It then compares this value to the gesture mode the player is currently in (GM.performedGesture) and decides whether the player is in the correct gesture mode. \
-	The script changes the color of the note object to a deeper color.\
-	Note objects have a box collider object attached to them, this script calls a function that detects the collision with other game objects\'92 box colliders. When a collision happens between a node and the ball (SuccessRed), the script recognizes this as the player having the correct location of the ball. When a collision happened between a node and the fail collider, the scripts recognized this as the player not having the correct location. The script then destroys the note object accordingly. \
-	The scripts adds scores to the total score (GM.totalScore) and the combo (GM.currentCombo) based on whether the player has the correct gesture and the location. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
moveTransform\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the prefab objects of \'93RedNote\'94 and \'93BlueNote\'94; it moves and controls the speed of the note objects. \
-	It sets the speed of the capsules corresponding to the current level. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
sceneSwitch\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to a prefab game object \'93SceneSwicth\'94 and is used to switch scene/level in the main game and the tutorial.\
-	It has functions to restart a level, load the next level, go back to main menu, load either of the two tutorial levels, restart a tutorial level, and load the next tutorial level. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
PauseMenuControl\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the game object PauseMenuController. \
-	The script has a function that pauses and resumes the game, which brings up a pause menu.\
-	When the esc key pressed, it pauses/resumes the game. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 NextLevelButtonControl\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the game object NextLvlButtonController. \
-	It sets the interactability of the \'93next level\'94 button on the end of level menu depending on whether or not the player has passed the current level. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
userGestureText\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the text object \'93gesturemode\'94 on the HUD canvas.\
-	It reads the variable performedGesture from GM and has the text object show what gesture mode (chop/rotation) the player is currently in. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
songNameControl \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to \'93songnameText\'94 on the HUD canvas.\
-	It displays the information of the song corresponding to the current level.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
changeballcolor\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the game object \'93successRed\'94.\
-	The script checks the value of \'93performedGesture\'94 from either GM or GM_tutor to determine what gesture the player is currently in, then changes the color of the game object accordingly (blue for chop mode, and red for rotation mode). \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
GestureTextControl \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to the text object requiredGesture on the HUD canvas.\
-	It displays the required gesture mode to destroy the incoming note. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
scoreControl\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the text object displayScore.\
-	It reads the totalScore from GM then displays it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ComboControl\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 -	This script is attached to the game object \'93displayCombo\'94 in the main game.\
-	It reads currentCombo from GM then displays it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
EndGameMessageControl \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to the text object on the EndofGameCanvas.\
-	It reads information containing the player\'92s performance stored in the GM script, then displays it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
songControl \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to prefab objects song1, song2, and song3.\
-	It pauses the song\'92s audio when the game is paused.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
performanceTextControl \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls15\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to text object \'93performance\'94 on the HUD canvas. \
-	It shows the player whether or not he has successfully performed the correct gesture (in the correct gesture mode) and position the ball (successRed) in the correct location. If not, it shows the player what component(s) (gesture, location, or both) is (are) missing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
popUpMessage\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\ls16\ilvl0\cf0 -	This is attached to slowMsgText on the HUD canvas. \
-	It displays a message that tells the player to perform a faster gesture when the player\'92s gesture is too slow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}